{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Mick O\u8217'Donovan\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Location:} Dublin 11, Ireland - {\b Phone:} +353 (0) 834208251 - {\b Email:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mick@mickod.ie"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
mick@mickod.ie
}}}
 - {\b Linkedin:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/mick-o-donovan"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mick-o-donovan
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Professional Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A passionate member of the Network Engineering community for over 15 years. As well as a grounding on technical helpdesks and more recently providing consultative sales support as a Pre Sales Engineer, Network Engineering is where my passion lies. Well respected and active member of many Networking communities such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://inog.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
INOG
}}}
 where I am a member of the Program Committee and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.inex.ie"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
INEX
}}}
 which are over and above my day to day employment. Calm in a crisis and keen to learn new work practices and technologies. I have earned many of my skills and certifications through self training and studying. Looking for the next challenge back in a role in Network Engineering preferably one which allows me development my network automation skills.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Proficient} - Routing, Switching, BGP, OSPF, MPLS, Traffic Engineering, Cisco, Juniper, Nokia SR, Peering, Transit, Solution Design, TCP/IP, IPv4, IPv6\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Advanced} - Linux, IPSEC, opennms, Nagios, LibreNMS, DWDM, SDH, PDH, Project Management, Rancid, Bash scripting\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Beginner} - Ansible, Python, Ruby, Napalm, Load Balancers\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Certifications and Qualifications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cisco Certified Networks Professional CCNP, Self Training\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cisco CCNA, July 2010, Self Training\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Alcatel Lucent NRS1, Vendor training and self study\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sco Unix Administration, May 2002, Griffin Software Training Centre\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Computer Installation Service & Maintenance, October 1999 \u8211- April 2000, Fas Training Centre, Baldoyle.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 1 Year Accounting & Finance, September 1998 \u8211- October 1999, Dundalk Institute of Technology\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Work Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 June 2016 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 : {\b Data Sales Specialist}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.btireland.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
BT
}}}
 (Dublin)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I provide technical pre sales assistance to our Account Directors and Desk Based Sales Account managers. The role involves a lot of face to face meetings with external customers with the aim of providing them with assistance in ordering new data services from BT Ireland as well as promoting our data connectivity capabilities with a view to growing the business. Some other central skills involved in the roll would include;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Configuring and pricing Managed WAN connectivity and services end to end\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Working with commercial finance teams to devise an agreeable pricing model for new customer services\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Understanding the requirements to meet so as to ensure sufficient margin is made on all sales\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Scoping and designing simplex, complex and bespoke solutions for our customers\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 March 2004 - May 2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 : {\b Network Optimization Engineer}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.btireland.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
BT
}}}
 (Dublin)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I provided 2nd and 3rd level support for our Layer 2 and Layer 3 network services. Support was provided to our internal customers such as the Network Control Centre and the Global Business Helpdesk as well as external customers directly.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Responsible for support and consultation on all BT Ireland Domestic ISP, Metro Ethernet, Government, MPLS, Layer 2 Transport and Data Communications Management Network (DCN).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Specializations in Cisco IOS, IOS-XR, IOS-XE and NXOS as well as ADVA, Nokia/Alcatel Lucent Service Router and Juniper router/switch platforms (JUNOS).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Strong knowledge of Linux and highly experienced user of any Unix (SCO/etc), MacOS and Microsoft operating systems. I am a frequent user of shell scripting and have built basic scripts for mass configuration deployment using simple expect scripts, as well as Ansible with NAPALM for automated configuration generation and deployment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Technical Lead for our domestic ISP network from an operational integrity perspective and have attended RIPE conferences on behalf of the LIR (Local Internet Registry).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other technologies I\u8217've dealt with in the role include Microsoft Sharepoint, IPv6, SDH, PDH, DWDM, Radio, Fiber Optics, DSL, L2TP, PPPoE, 802.1*, LibreNMS, Cacti, Cricket, OpenNMS and many more.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Experience working with Cisco ASA Firewall technologies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Designed a new IPv6 addressing scheme for the ISP network and was responsible for its full rollout.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 May 2002 - March 2004\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 : {\b Network Controller}; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.btireland.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
BT
}}}
 (Dublin)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Responsible for the management of the major networks of the then BT Ignite Group from our Dublin Control Centre. The main networks I fault managed were:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Lucent & Nortel PDH/SDH - Dublin Metro, and National backbone Telecommunications network of EsatBT. This requires a working knowledge of Nortel TN1x, 4x, 4xe, 16x, 16xe, 64x, etc.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab IP, Frame-relay, ATM, wireless network management.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Voice Switch alarm management for DMS and AXE technology.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Radio/Microwave link alarm management.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab EsatBT Corporate and Consumer ISP alarm management.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Volunteering\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 : {\b Network Infrastructure Team} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.btyoungscientist.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
BTYSTE
}}}
:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I have been a volunteer since 2002 at the BT Young Scientist and Technologist Exhibition in Dublin and have been part of the core organizational team since around 2008. Since 2004 I have been part of the Network Infrastructure and Support team for the exhibition. This role involves;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Complete campus network design, plan and implementation of a primarily wireless access infrastructure for students, exhibitors and guests of which there are approximately 45,000 people to cater for.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked with Cisco Access Point deployment, Cisco Wireless controller configuration and deployment, Cisco PRIME Infrastructure as well as delivering a completely redundant layer 2 access network. In more recent years, we also worked with Cisco Meraki MX, MS and MR deployment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab I am the lead engineer on the Internet Access deployment for the site.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Deployment of an IPT suite for the Media Centre on site and experience working on Cisco Call Manager technologies.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Hobbies and interests\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab I enjoy playing competitive Gaelic Football and Hurling for Erin\u8217's Isle GAA club, where I have won many medals, and captained several teams. I currently play Senior Hurling and Intermediate Football for the club.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i Erin\u8217's Isle GAA Club PRO}} I am also the outgoing PRO of my club and in turn a member of the Executive Committee. The executive committee is a group of 12 men and women who have been elected by fellow members to control the running and up keep of the club.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i BTYS&TE}} I am a volunteer annually at the BT Young Scientist and Technologist Exhibition at the RDS.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i Computing}} I have a huge interest in all things computing. As such I regularly help friends and colleagues with problems that may arise with their machines, both hardware and software related. I also run my own HomeLAN with native IPv6 connectivity.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b {\i Networking/Community Building}} Currently I am a member of the Program Committee for the Irish Network Operators Group (INOG) and have been actively participating in the INEX and RIPE communities since at least 2012.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Referees and references\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b {\i Available on request}}\par}
}
